Added documentation for NF4 mode (#2194)
openvinotoolkit/nncf: docs/compression_algorithms/CompressWeights.md

##### INT8 and NF4 modes.

By default, weights are compressed to 8-bit integer data type - "INT8" mode.
OpenVINO backend has also an experimental support for "NF4" mode - compression to [nf4](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2305.14314v1.pdf) data type.
It goes with a grouped quantization, when small group of weights (e.g. 128) in the channel dimension share quantization parameters (scale).
First embedding and last linear layers are always compressed to 8-bit integer data type in the "NF4" mode.
Percent of the rest (internal) layers compressed to NF4 can be configured by "ratio" parameter.
E.g. ratio=0.9 means 90% of internal layers compressed to nf4 and the rest to 8-bit integer data type.
#### User guide

- Compress weights to 8-bit integer data type.

```python
from nncf import compress_weights
compressed_model = compress_weights(model)
```

> - Compress internal weights to nf4 data type with group size = 128.

Reviewer: Why do you use 'internal' here and below but not in int8 case? Please align it.

Reviewer: I see, but I believe it's still confusing. Why do you want to explicitly use 'internal'? I think it's enough to explain that first and last layers are quantized to int8

Author: Removed mentioning of internal weight to reduce confusion, explicitly say about first and last layers

- Compress weights to nf4 data type with group size = 128, except first embedding and last linear layers - they are compressed to 8-bit integer data type.

```python
from nncf import compress_weights
from nncf import CompressWeightsMode
compressed_model = compress_weights(model, mode=CompressWeightsMode.NF4)
```

> - Compress part of weights to nf4 with a different group size and the rest layers to 8-bit integer data type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Compress weights of 90% of layers to nf4 with the group size 64, and the rest of layers to 8-bit integer data type.
```

```python
from nncf import compress_weights
from nncf import CompressWeightsMode
compressed_model = compress_weights(model, mode=CompressWeightsMode.NF4, group_size=64, ratio=0.9)
```

##### Limitations

- The algorithm is supported for OpenVINO and PyTorch models.
- The compression applies in-place.
- The compressed model is not trainable.

> - NF4 support is experimental - models quantized to nf4 should not be faster models quantized to 8-bit integer on client CPUs.

Reviewer: I think it's confusing. I would remove it as we don't know when CPU will support it or at lease rephrase it saying that models with nf4 compressed weights should not be faster than models with int8 compressed weights on client CPUs.

Author: corrected
